readme.md, before:

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)
![Simple-BlackJack](https://socialify.git.ci/Flapjacck/Simple-BlackJack/image?description=1&descriptionEditable=Game%20of%20Blackjack%20made%20in%20the%20C%20programming%20language.%20Created%20to%20deepen%20my%20understanding%20of%20the%20C%20language%20and%20git.&language=1&name=1&pattern=Plus&stargazers=1&theme=Dark)



## Screenshots

![App Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/jHoLb1J.png)


## Installation Using Terminal

*****Need C compiler installed prior to install (I use [tdm-gcc](https://jmeubank.github.io/tdm-gcc/))***

1. Clone the project to desired location:
```bash
  git clone https://github.com/Flapjacck/Simple-BlackJack.git
```

2. Change directory to inside "*src*" folder:
```
  cd simple-blackjack/simple-blackjack/src
```

3. Compile the program:
```
  gcc main.c functions.c deck.c score.c -o main.exe
```

4. Change encoding to UTF-8 load special characters for Windows terminal:
```
  chcp 65001
```
[For Mac](https://support.apple.com/lt-lt/guide/terminal/trml15220/mac)

5. Run the program in the Windows terminal:
```
  .\main.exe
```
For Mac:
```
  ./main.exe
```

## How to Play BlackJack

- Player attempts to beat the dealer by getting a count as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21 or having a higher count than the dealer
- Dealer stands on 17 - 21
- Player win pays 1:1 | Natural BlackJack pays 3:2 | Insurance pays 2:1

## F.A.Q

Q: Why do i have weird symbols on my cards.

A: Make sure your terminal is set to UTF-8 encoding (check instalation step #4)

   
## Authors

- [@Flapjacck](https://www.github.com/Flapjacck) | If you have any feedback, please reach out me on my [Twitter](https://x.com/SpennGK)
- [@boomboom135](https://www.github.com/boomboom135)

Commit message:

Added make file and windows uft-8

readme.md, after:

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)
![Simple-BlackJack](https://socialify.git.ci/Flapjacck/Simple-BlackJack/image?description=1&descriptionEditable=Game%20of%20Blackjack%20made%20in%20the%20C%20programming%20language.%20Created%20to%20deepen%20my%20understanding%20of%20the%20C%20language%20and%20git.&language=1&name=1&pattern=Plus&stargazers=1&theme=Dark)



## Screenshots

![App Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/jHoLb1J.png)


## Installation Using Terminal

*****Need C compiler installed prior to install (I use [tdm-gcc](https://jmeubank.github.io/tdm-gcc/))***

1. Clone the project to desired location:
```bash
  git clone https://github.com/Flapjacck/Simple-BlackJack.git
```

2. Change directory to inside "*Simple-BlackJack*" folder:
```
  cd simple-blackjack
```

3. Run the make file (can launch from .exe after its made):
```
  make run
```
For Mac users delete/comment these 2 lines of code on main.c before running make file
```
line 16 | #include <windows.h>
```
```
line 37 | SetConsoleOutputCP(CP_UTF8);
```

## How to Play BlackJack

- Player attempts to beat the dealer by getting a count as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21 or having a higher count than the dealer
- Dealer stands on 17 - 21
- Player win pays 1:1 | Natural BlackJack pays 3:2 | Insurance pays 2:1

## F.A.Q

Q: Make file gives a error "#include <windows.h> not found"

A: Most likely your on mac and havent deleted the necessary code (check instalation step #3)

   
## Authors

- [@Flapjacck](https://www.github.com/Flapjacck) | If you have any feedback, please reach out me on my [Twitter](https://x.com/SpennGK)
- [@boomboom135](https://www.github.com/boomboom135)
